...Angel community Brainstorm...

Using Discord and Collab create permissioned group chats. The purpose of these permissioned chat groups is to facilitate token raises over Angelswap.io and token swapping/ redemption of PC's.

also attaching a community approval rating to a wallet owner and chat user ID 

the gist:
community Vault pooling attracts projects looking to raise and have bootrapped community.. the value collectively generated by the communtiies capital and reach are transferred back to the community...in the form of discounted tokens which are airdropped to stakers of $ANGEL.


Angel token functions..
Vote on projects to launch
receive airdrops for projects launched over Angelswap.io
discounted fee if tokens used for trx over Angelswap and Rapid.. tokens burned to reduce circulating  
stake Angel to create own franchised discord communities.. for twitter whales and signal groups
Bootstrap Communities help to to grow and support their investments before opening of liquidity pools on UNI.

Launch:
Deposit Eth to contract 90% goes to Vault for project IDO's. Early rounds get higher percentage share of pool. Angel is then staked to receive airdrops from further launches.
Referral rewards from new stakes. Unstaked $Angel can be sold over Angelswap.io at a spread higher spead for earlier participants. 

concept is to promote long term investment and stable price disovery and fair wide distribution. without heavy discounts and rampant dumping of tokens on later rounds. 



Token adoption...
Offer $Angel to Blues connections in chats 
refferals
transfer their chats over to discord
can also use telegram

Tokenomics..
There will only ever be a maximum of 10 million $Angels ever created, with the value of each $Angel being underpinned by a basket of community certified launches held in the community Vault(s)
 
Another dimension to the $Angel's value is the access granted to Defi Prophets Incubator and community investment capital and the growth of $Angel as a brand.

Staked $Angel Tokens give communtiy members access to voting and community discussion groups and facilitate the issuance of other NFT and independant community pools. Of which 

further iterations on its usecases within the Defi ecosystem

Caveates:
Problem with using Angelswap (bens model) is how do we guarantee projects dont raise capital then fork .. or raise partial in exhange for PC's then issue a transfferable ERC20
